Bugfix/typos in docs (#104)
redhat-cop/cloud.vmware_ops: roles/export_vm_as_ovf/README.md

# export_vm_as_ovf

> A role to export a VM from vCenter or ESXi as an OVF. The VM is exported to the local filesystem of the host running the tasks (anisble_host).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A role to export a VM from vCenter or ESXi as an OVF. The VM is exported to the local filesystem of the host running the tasks (ansible_host).
```

  - The name of the datacenter in vSphere vCenter which contains the VM.

- **export_vm_as_ovf_port**:

>   - str or int, The port used to authenticate to the vSphere vCenter that contains the cluster to configure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - str or int, The port used to authenticate to the vSphere vCenter that contains the VM.
```
